how everyone it looks like They will understand about the bash colors so you can make your
bash is more,
you know,
prettier by colorizing its output.
So if you remember in the previous like tell when I executed my scrip output waas full of
color,
I had to use you know,
different different class in my output.
So to achieve this we have to,
you know,
understand It's Syntex on what are they you know called for each colors?
It's a lesson this time Syntex is very simple.
You have to use this index echo hyphen e why we're using hyphen e just to enable the backs
less escapes Here you can see that I am using this backslash So why we're using this blacks
less so that I can apply the colors Soto unable this black backs less You have to,
you know,
enable the in the tradition off backs less escapes.
If you remember in the previous lecture we had,
I have shown you like if you want to have in a more gentle tap in the output then we have
use less d so like this if you want to enable the you know,
some horizontal escapes.
Then you have to use hyphen E.
Now,
this is one option you have toe.
It's less e on this one.
Here.
You can see that this one,
it does the begin off the killer modification.
And after that,
you have toe put the color court like 32 or 35 33.
Each color is having its own meaning.
Like if you're porting 32.
So I think that we do is for you know,
that is for green on 31 is for you know.
So here you have to put the court number like 31 Andi.
After that you have to put em at the end like 31 a.
M on to close it.
Then you have to put the sample test.
Like how?
How How are you?
Whatever you want,
you can put it there on you can close with this one.
Celeski this scarf record zero am That is for closing the collapse.
If you didn't put this,
what will happen?
It will keep on,
you know,
typing.
If you have a started coloring and you have noticed opted.
So whatever you're tapping in Nero Shell that we don't same color not.
These are the color course that you can see.
This is my black plan if you want.
Oh,
so there two things first is the foreground cold on another Is your background corn So
these course which can be used to,
you know,
make your output in colors.
So it is up to you.
What color and what our 41 this is the courts we have That is normal characters.
Bold character if you want underlying If you want blanking collectors So these courts you
have to use,
you know,
to make your output in color text.
So from there.
So for the selector in the next lecture,
I will start for you showing you how to use the color decks.
Thanks for watching.